--------------- started logging run at 11:51::11/08/18 ---------------
migrate_lists: Moving archive data from /mnt/sympa02_files/arc/ to /var/lib/sympa/arc/
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list intelliworks@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list fsa_cbp_accounts@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mindseyetheater@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list secretpal@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list meditation@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list gfinance@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list nature@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mfgclub@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list litprogjuniorii@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list quidditch@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list slate@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hrevents2@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list fabclub@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mlplist@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hrevents@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hr-announcements@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list lifenets@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list friends@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list smogmonitors@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list seniorprojectapplicants@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list sld@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list nycmentors@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mfawritestu@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hrvclub@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list pke.editor@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hudsonia_be_cd@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list gemb@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list sawkillmonitors@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list sproj@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list levynewsnames@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mentorteachers@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list litprogjuniorsall@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list gema@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list gcc@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list musicstudents@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hudsonia_be_lt@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list sproj-3div@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list henna@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list langlab@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list shapenote@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list moderatedll@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list lavozmagazine@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list fysemstudents@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list litandwa@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hcrcmonitors@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list sociology@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list landlfaculty@sympa.bard.edu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hr-announce@sympa.bard.edu
