--------------- started logging run at 11:39::11/08/18 ---------------
migrate_lists: Moving list data from /mnt/sympa02_files/list_data/sympa.bard.edu/ to /var/lib/sympa/list_data/sympa.bard.edu/
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list quidditch
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mfgclub
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hrevents2
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list sproj-3div
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hudsonia_be_cd
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list henna
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list jewishstudies
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list sawkillmonitors
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list moderatedll
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list germanintensive
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list lifenets
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list litprogjuniorii
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list readclub
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list levynewsnames
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hr-announcements
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list g_accounts
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list lavozmagazine
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list smogmonitors
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list secretpal
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list fsa_cbp_accounts
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list sproj
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list sociology
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list intelliworks
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mentorteachers
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list gemb
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hr-announce
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list lit103all
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hacfnews
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list landlfaculty
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hrevents
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hacsnews
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list seniorprojectapplicants
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hcrcstaff-junk
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mindseyetheater
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list gema
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list musicftfac
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hcrcmonitors
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mlplist
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list pke.editor
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list friends
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list gfinance
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list litandwa
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list slate
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mfaloa
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list fabclub
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hacnews
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list shapenote
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list seniorprojectboards
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mes
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hrvclub
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list operaclub
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list musicadfac
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mfawritestu
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list nature
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list meditation
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list musicstudents
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list litprogjuniorsall
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list mfawritefac
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list langlab
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list hudsonia_be_lt
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list nycmentors
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list gcc
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list fysemstudents
migrate_lists: Skipping closed list sld
